Beautification of Examples (#491)
zenml-io/zenml: docs/book/developer-guide/steps-and-pipelines.md

of each output. These names can be used to directly access an output within the 
[post execution workflow](#post-execution-workflow).

Let's come up with a second step that consumes the output of our first step and performs some sort of transformation
on it. In this case, let's double the input.

```python
from zenml.steps import step, Output

@step
def my_second_step(input_int: int, input_float: float
                   ) -> Output(output_int=int, output_float=float):
    """Step that doubles the inputs"""
    return 2 * input_int, 2 * input_float
```

Now we can go ahead and create a pipeline with our two steps to make sure they work.

## Pipeline

Here we define the pipeline. This is done implementation agnostic by simply routing outputs through the 
steps within the pipeline. You can think of this as a recipe for how we want data to flow through our steps.

```python
from zenml.pipelines import pipeline

@pipeline
def first_pipeline(
    step_1,
    step_2
):
    output_1, output_2 = step_1()
    step_2(output_1, output_2)
```

### Instantiate and run your Pipeline

> With your pipeline recipe in hand you can now specify which particular steps implement the pipeline. And with that, you
> are ready to run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With your pipeline recipe in hand you can now specify which concrete step implementations are used. And with that, you
are ready to run:
```

```python
first_pipeline(step_1=my_first_step(), step_2=my_second_step()).run()
```

You should see the following output on your command line:

```shell
Creating run for pipeline: `first_pipeline`
Cache disabled for pipeline `first_pipeline`
Using stack `default` to run pipeline `first_pipeline`
Step `my_first_step` has started.
Step `my_first_step` has finished in 0.049s.
Step `my_second_step` has started.
Step `my_second_step` has finished in 0.067s.
Pipeline run `first_pipeline-20_Apr_22-16_07_14_577771` has finished in 0.128s.
```

> You'll learn how to inspect the finished run within the chapter on [Post Execution Workflow](#post-execution-workflow).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll learn how to inspect the finished run within the chapter on our [Post Execution Workflow](#post-execution-workflow).
```
